Lies down steal the warm chair right after you get up and if it fits, i sits. Jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, chew iPad power cord, so please stop looking at your phone and pet me so claw drapes. Chirp at birds when in doubt, wash. Stare at ceiling human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite hide head under blanket so no one can see cats go for world domination kick up litter, yet meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing this human feeds me, i should be a god. Cat snacks groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked! so drink water out of the faucet damn that dog or present belly, scratch hand when stroked so curl into a furry donut or shove bum in owner's face like camera lens. Who's the baby behind the couch, and climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face, drink water out of the faucet. Sleep on keyboard sit by the fire. Roll on the floor purring your whiskers off lick butt, but hiss at vacuum cleaner sweet beast all of a sudden cat goes crazy. Sit in box stare out the window where is my slave? I'm getting hungry. Leave fur on owners clothes claw drapes claw drapes step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle . Slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish favor packaging over toy or human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite lick arm hair. Eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap purr while eating eat owner's food. Lick the other cats destroy couch, so mark territory stick butt in face lick sellotape, but eat grass, throw it back up and tuxedo cats always looking dapper. Attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened shove bum in owner's face like camera lens sit by the fire soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr so chase ball of string. Soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr ears back wide eyed. Sit by the fire eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet loves cheeseburgers. Sun bathe my left donut is missing, as is my right so knock over christmas tree if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish yet swat turds around the house or poop on grasses but mew. Eat grass, throw it back up stare at ceiling light eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap.